1) How long did you spend on the technical test? What would you add to your solution if you had more time? If you didn't spend much time on the technical test then use this as an opportunity to explain what you would add.

  I spent an hour on the technical test. I haven't done BDD testing or used either selenium-webdriver or cucumber for a while, and took some time to brush up on those libraries. Once setup, I felt comfortable with the framework as I have used it before, but am more used to doing integration and unit testing with Jest/Mocha/Chai/Supertest/Enzyme/vue-test-utils, as I have been doing more of this recently than acceptance/e2e/Q&A testing. If I had more time I would switch out selenium-webdriver for cypress or webdriverIO, as I have found them to be a bit nicer to use, with less frustration with regards to setup and other particular features that make regular use more breezy. With regards to additional scenarios, more time would allow for the exploration of how to actually test that the resturants returned from the page request are indeed 'nearby'. Additionally, the user-story does say that a user should be able to order food when visiting the site, which to me would require a separate feature dedicated to the full process of placing an order, rather than searching by a parameter and seeing results related to that parameter. These considerations would occupy more time.    

2) What do you think is the most interesting trend in test automation?

  I have recently discovered smoke testing and would like to dive into that on a deeper level. I think the concept of testing system robustness and stress durability is very interesting and important. I am also very interesting in BDD and would like to get back into it, as I have been doing more TDD lately. I am curious about the effectiveness and development of AI powered automation testing, which I know very little about, but seems to be a well visited area of inquiry. 

3) How would you implement test automation in a legacy application? Have you ever had to do this?
  
  I have not had to do this, all of my test automation has been done within the development environment of 'testing as you go' which is my preference, though not everyone sees it that way. Anyway, testing legacy code would not be that much different than testing as you go, it is just a huge pile of testing work to do all at once. Firstly, reading and understanding the code base on a deep level is essential. Starting with atomic unit tests of helper functions and other small functions, I would work my way up to integration testing the controllers, models and components and then start building out an acceptance/e2e testing system. I suppose this is a TDD approach, and alternatively, the same thing could be done inversely in a BDD style, beginning with e2e and working inward to unit testing. I think there is more to those methodologies from an organizational perspective than simply working in opposite directions, and they certainly seem less distinguishable in the context of building a test framework for legacy code that has 0% test coverage.    

4) How would you improve the customer experience of the JUST EAT website?
  
  I would consider adding the option to search by other parameters than address upon landing. It might be nicer for users to arriver and type a specific restuarant, or food, into the search bar (perhaps if location was not a current priority for them) rather than being limited only searching by address. This may more efficiently take a user where they are looking to go on the app.

5) Please describe yourself using JSON.
{
  "about": "I am a Full-Stack Web/Mobile Software Developer and Musician",
  "excitement-about-technology": "Technology is resourceful human innovation. It has and always will be a beautiful intersection between art and science that provides hardware and software instrumentation to better the Earth and the lives of organisms living among it. Its applications are as infinite as the knowledge and inquiry it is based upon, and it continues its developmental feedback loop, always fractalling outward. Its contributions to art and science are ineffable.",
  "tech-stack": "My preferred tech stack right now is the JavaScript/TypeScript full-stack. I use MongoDB/Postgres/Redis for database storage/caching, Node/Express for serving http requests, React/ReactNative/Redux/GraphQL/Apollo for the client side interface, Jest/Mocha/Chai/Supertest/Selenium-WedDriver/Cypress/Cucumber/Enzyme for unit, integration, and feature/e2e testing, and Docker/Kubernetes/AWS/DigitalOcean/Nginx/Apache for DevOps. I practice agile methodologies and have a preference for microservice architechture. I am excited to learn more!",
  "tech-related-interests?": "I am interested in all areas of software programming/engineering as well as electrical engineering via electronic hardware design. I am in the process of learning to build my own electronic audio hardware circuits. I am also learning to build software to interface with Raspberry Pi/Arduino hardware for audio/visual applications via Java. I am interested in DSP and am learning the basics of sound design with JavaScript and eventually want to learn how to use C++ for DSP. I am also interested in blockchain technology and am in the process of building my first blockchain and smart contract with Python (though I would like to eventually move to Golang/Rust for this)."
}